
Welcome to Star Voyage! this game is one of strategy and luck, determining your fate in the galaxy.

The galaxy is a dark and treterous place, full of unknown obsticles and enemy lurking in the shadows.

The goal: To win this game you must make it to to the next Star Base with out having your ship destroyed
          or loosing too many of your crew members.
          To make it through safely, you must be smart about your resources and what may be ahead, not just what
          is infront of you.

SHIPS: To start, you will choose your ship to travel accrost the galaxy in and be able to buy extra resources to
       start your voyage. Each ship had adifferent value for its strength, shield strength, plazma charge, crew,
       and power.
    
    Power: this determins how many light years you can travel before you will have to recharge.
    
    Shield Strength: this affects how much your ship can get hit by asteroids and enemy fire before your ship is
                     destroyed.
    
    Plazma charge: plazma charge is your ammo used to destroy metiors and alien ships.
    
    Crew: your crew size affects your chances of beating the Aliens in battle.

ALIENS: Along your way you may encounter aliens, assume all are not friendly, who you will have to fight or run
        away from. Fighting these aliens will affect your shield strength but can also give you valuable
        resources. But be careful, you could also be deatroyed if you're not smart.
        The aliens have a crew of unknown size that will affect your success in destroying them.
        The probability of winning is determined by your crew size times your ship's strength. If you have
        a higher value than the enemy, you will destroy them and continue on your path.
        If the enemy has a higher value, then your ship is destroyed and your crew gets launched into the dark
        abyse. Choose your battles wisely. If you go flee the enemy, you will be safe, for now, but this affects
        the ship's power and ability to make it to the planet.

OBSTACLES: On your path, you many encounter obstacles in the form of meteorites. If you come in contact with one
           of these meteorites, you will have the option to shoot the meteorte or go around. Like with fleeing
           alien's, if you go around the meteorite, the ship's distance is increased and depending on the
           avalible power, you may not make it to the planet. If you choose to destroy the meteorite, you
           don't know the size of it, some larger, some smaller, and your ship may not be strong enough to
           destroy it. Optomly ending in your ship's destruction killing all of your crew.